Refactor account documentation into sections (#1523)
0xMiden/miden-base: docs/src/account/id.md

# Account ID

> [!Note]
> An immutable and unique identifier for the `Account`.

The `Account` ID is a 120-bit long number. This identifier is designed to contain the metadata of an account. The metadata includes the [account type](#account-type), [account storage mode](#account-storage-mode) and the version of the `Account`. This metadata is included in the ID to ensure it can be read without needing the full account state.

The ID is generated by hashing a randomly generated seed together with commitments to the initial code and storage of the `Account` until the resulting ID has the desired account type and storage mode. This process requires a small amount of Proof-of-Work (9 bits) that can be done even by low-powered devices. The resulting 256-bit hash is shortened to 120 bits.

Account type and storage mode are chosen at account creation time and cannot be changed later.

### Account type

There are two main categories of accounts in Miden: **basic accounts** and **faucets**.

> 

Reviewer: This doesn't align very well with the `AccountType` enum we have, but I think that's not such an issue. 

More broadly though, this might benefit from a discussion on the naming: "Basic Account" doesn't reflect the programmable aspect of it (in fact, a "Basic Account" code can get quite complex). While the distinction is very different from EOAs and Contract accounts in Ethereum, I like how they are descriptive. This is probably not for this PR but I think worth bringing up :)

Reviewer 2: Yeah, I don't love the naming either. "Faucet" is actually fine (I think), but not having a good name for a non-faucet account is kind of annoying. Maybe it could be just "Faucets" and "Accounts", but then not sure what the supercategory of these would be.

Account type and storage mode are chosen at account creation time and cannot be changed later.

### Account type

There are two main categories of accounts in Miden: **basic accounts** and **faucets**.

- **Basic Accounts:**
  Basic Accounts may be either mutable or immutable:
  - *Mutable:* Code can be changed after deployment.
  - *Immutable:* Code cannot be changed once deployed.

- **Faucets:**
  Faucets are always immutable and can be specialized by the type of assets they issue:
  - *Fungible Faucet:* Can issue fungible [assets](../asset.md).
  - *Non-fungible Faucet:* Can issue non-fungible [assets](../asset.md).

### Account storage mode

Users can choose whether their accounts are stored publicly or privately. The preference is encoded in the third and forth most significant bits of the account's [ID](#id):

- **Public Accounts:**
  The account's state is stored on-chain, similar to how accounts are stored in public blockchains like Ethereum.

- **Network `Account`s:**

>   The account's state is stored on-chain, just like **public** accounts. Additionally, the network will monitor this account for any public notes targeted at it and attempt to create network transactions against the account, which consume the notes. Contracts that rely on a shared, publicly accessible state (e.g., a DEX) should be network accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The account's state is stored on-chain, just like **public** accounts. Additionally, the network will monitor this account for any public notes targeted at it and attempt to create network transactions against the account, which consume the notes. Contracts that rely on a shared, publicly accessible state (e.g., an AMM) should be network accounts.
```

A DEX can be built without network accounts (e.g. a decentralized orderbook is a DEX), while AMMs (subset of DEXes) rely on shared public state.

- **Private Accounts:**
  Only a commitment (hash) to the account's state is stored on-chain. This mode is suitable for users who prioritize privacy or plan to store a large amount of data in their `Account`. To interact with a private `Account`, a user must have knowledge of its interface.

### Network Accounts

> Users can choose whether their `Account` is a network account or not. The network will monitor such accounts for any public notes targeted at it and attempt to create network transactions against the account, which consume the notes. Because the network must be able to execute transactions against such an account, the storage mode of such accounts must be **Public**.

Reviewer: This paragraph is largely a repetition of what's already above.
